A-ram?
Yes, sir.
What's this movie?
I thought it fits you perfectly.
The film producer has big movies--
Hey, whoever the producer is,
this character isn't me at all.
Well, it kind of is.
This role fits you well,
and I liked the book.
Look at this character.
He just walks around on eggshells
with no sincerity.
Well, at least it's a happy ending.
It's a highly confidential film.
Highly confidential, my foot.
So what's the title?
Cha In-pyo?
-Cha In-pyo?
-Do I know Cha In-pyo?
Who doesn't know Cha In-pyo?
He works out a lot.
-The aggressive toothbrushing.
-A kind actor?
-A gentleman.
-That's right.
-An exemplary citizen.
-A volunteer worker.
He was a superstar when I was young.
He had this gesture.
Like this.
All My Love For You!
He was super cute in that drama.
It was like this and this.
He was the best.
CHA IN-PYO SYNDROME
I PROPOSED TO A NICE LADY
Nice, okay.
That's it. Good!
Good, like that.
Okay, let's take a break.
Wow.
Really, wow.
For the next round, let's dial it back.
I never dial it back.
Of course, I get it.
But it's a request from the advertiser.
They want a friendly image
that makes people feel comfortable.
This isn't a high-class brand.
It's not like a "formal" suit.
I understand.
Right?
It doesn't have to be cheap
just because it's inexpensive.
What?
Why would they hire me?
My gentle image,
my exemplary image,
and my strong image.
I have all the best images
an outdoor brand could ask for.
Right, you're the best.
You're right about that,
but let's put it this way.
It should be like
paparazzi in your neighborhood.
I know that feeling.
Let your guard down,
and they get an ugly shot of you.
Many celebrities never
leave the house without makeup.
I, however, am always sure
to have my shit together.
I'm sure you are.
But what I'm trying to say is--
I said I got it.
I haven't come this far by mere luck.
Are you sure you got it?
Let's get to work. I'm feeling it now.
Then let's go.
All right!
Let's do this!
Okay.
Good.
He fucking didn't get it.
-Get his manager's ass here, now.
-Yes, sir.
Level three!
You're so annoying.
I told you, he already said no.
Enough already. I'm hanging up.
She's so clingy. Gosh, so annoying.
-Shit.
-Who is it?
My friend, a variety show writer.
My boyfriend is Min-sik's manager,
so she keeps calling me for favors.
What variety show?
FIRST-CLASS SECURITY
You don't need to read that.
It'll be canceled.
-Why?
-You know, the director has issues.
And the story line is…
No, we waited so long for this.
We should help the team in times of need.
Tell them I'll wait until they start.
Okay.
When will you get the door fixed?
Sorry, I was too busy
to take it in for repairs.
The story changed a lot.
His character was better before.
He sounds dumb now.
I said you don't have to read it.
In-pyo.
The photo shoot had some issues.
They want to do it again.
They asked you to wear this
and try to look comfortable in it.
I like their attitude.
It's a truly sincere gift.
You've holed up at home
since your wife left the country.
Why not take
this opportunity to go hiking?
I'll do my best to wear these.
Right, did you give them
Do-cheol's profile?
Who's they?
Do-cheol…
Get ready for a movie.
What?
There's a perfect role for you
in my upcoming film.
-Really?
-Hey, I've been an actor for 25 years.
I can get you in.
Just have faith and be ready.
Faith in what?
Me.
But the film may not even get made.
-I'll look for another--
-A-ram.
I wouldn't be saying this
if there was another option.
He needs my careful attention,
or he won't survive.
I'm sorry. I was too busy
to look after Do-cheol.
Busy doing what?
The photographer seemed
upset with you in the car.
Don't disgrace me like that.
What is it you do?
-I'm sorry.
-Don't apologize. Just answer me.
What is it you do?
I'm sorry.
A-ram.
It's okay to make mistakes or be slow.
Just have a sense of sincerity.
Of course.
I came across Min-sik earlier.
-You should try making a call.
-To Min-sik?
No, the variety show writer.
We worked together once.
You mean Shin Hyeon-a?
She has an upcoming variety show.
It starts big at first
with the theme "Four Great Stars."
Min-sik couldn't make it?
So he recommended you instead?
A sub?
Yeah, sure.
Anyhow, give her a call.
She's running out of time.
Who else is in the show?
Kang-ho, Byung-hun.
Kyung-gu.
That's it.
Nice team. Song Kang-ho.
Lee Byung-hun. Sol Kyung-gu.
Maybe Choi Min-sik instead of Cha In-pyo?
"Maybe"?
What do you mean?
Did you forget how many movies I've done?
You're a good fit for the show.
A good fit?
I mean, you deserve a spot with them.
Deserve?
I mean…
A-ram. How many times
do I have to say this?
Please, think before you speak.
I'm sorry.
I'm not upset. Put your chin up.
Your little pup
is all grown up.
Come here.
She was only this small.
I don't even know them.
No way. I'm not talking to them.
It's chaos.
They're just selling their names.
Twinkle.
No.
A-ram, I'm just an actor.
Why do I have to teach you this?
What is it that you--
I'll call you back.
Twinkle. Let's go.
Need to do your business?
Take your time.
You okay?
-Hi, Ae-ra.
-What do think you're doing?
-What do you mean?
-A-ram told me everything.
Oh, you talked to him?
It's nothing. Who'd do such a thing?
You told him you won't do it?
-Why did…
-It is Cha In-pyo.
-You got it wrong.
-No, I got it right.
Are you crazy? Why would I do that?
I'd never--
I was right!
I told you it's Cha In-pyo!
Oh, my!
-Hello.
-My dear!
Ae-ra, I'll call you back.
Oh, my, Ae-ra?
Let me have that. I want to talk to her.
-It's not Ae-ra.
-Yes, it is.
Hello…
So, what are you doing here?
-I'm on a hike.
-I see.
Then try this.
No, thank you.
It's good for you.
Did you quit acting?
What?
I've been working like crazy,
shooting dramas and films.
Really?
That's strange. I haven't seen you lately.
You should quit doing those small shows.
Do AM Plaza or something.
Then we could all see you.
Hey, can you do that thing you do?
What?
You know what I'm talking about.
That was ages ago.
I'm not so young anymore.
That's okay. You still look fine.
Come on, show me just one time.
Please stop.
All My Love For You
was the best show ever.
Make an appearance when you visit Korea.
-Talk to you again, dear.
-Please give me the phone.
-Take care.
-Bye.
Honey.
Don't listen to him--
We're so lucky to see Cha In-pyo here.
Excuse me.
I'll call back.
Please give me that phone.
Why? It's just a picture.
-It's a good one.
-Please.
DELETE?
YES
I'll take a better one.
Oh, really?
-You're the best!
-Put your arm around me.
Wait just a moment.
Oh, my.
You're so nice.
What a gentleman you are!
Thank you. Goodbye.
It's muddy after last night's rain.
-Be careful on your hike.
-Okay, bye.
He looks more handsome in person.
He does.
I'm so glad we decided to hike here.
-Do-cheol.
-In-pyo.
What's wrong?
I'm just a burden for you.
-What's up?
-I might not be in the film with you.
-A-ram said that?
-Yes, he did.
Don't listen to his bullshit.
Just trust me.
Talk to you later.
That kid never does what I tell him to.
Twinkle?
Twinkle.
Twinkle!
Oh.
-Is this your dog?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
-No, there's a big mud puddle!
It's alright.
I can jump over it.
What's his problem?
It's okay. I can get up myself.
You're all muddy!
Twinkle.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Twinkle?
You thought I was your owner
because we're wearing the same clothes.
That's why you were following me.
Here.
Wipe your face.
Thank you.
Wait a second.
Do I know you?
Right, you're Cha In-pyo!
Seeing you in person
instead of on-screen is…
well, not that impressive.
Anyhow, nice to meet you.
Let's shake hands.
My hand is dirty.
I can wash my hand later.
Come on. Don't be like that.
Right, you can wash your hand.
Thank you. Thanks a lot.
Anyway,
you really do look like a total mess.
I know, right?
Did you see the school
at the entrance of the trail?
The gym's shower room is always open.
Isn't that a girls' school?
It's summer vacation.
No one's there,
so you can use it to clean up.
Come on. Hurry up.
It's Cha In-pyo!
-Really, Cha In-pyo?
-Where?
Yes, hurry! It's him.
Go.
Where did he go?
-Where is he?
-I didn't see him.
Where'd he go?
CHEONSEUNG GYM
CONGRATULATIONS WINNING THE 22ND
NATIONAL YOUTH THEATER FESTIVAL
THEATER CLUB
Let's go get cleaned up.
Let's see where it is.
That's not what I meant.
Yeah, right. You meant it.
I told you to cast Do-cheol in my film.
How hard can it be?
How can you let him down?
Why did you do that?
We're planning to demolish this building.
Oh my gosh.
That's not for me to decide.
But it's not safe.
The gas pipeline is from here and there.
-Yes.
-So this position will--
Forget it. I wouldn't understand anyway.
You're saying
we should dig out the whole floor here?
That's not realistic, so I'll replace
the pressure unit tomorrow.
Girls from the theater club
practice here in the summer.
How long will it take?
Just one and a half days.
-You sure?
-Yes.
What are you sorry for again?
I'm asking why you did that.
Stop apologizing.
In-pyo.
I have an incoming call.
I'm talking to you now.
What's more important?
It's the variety show writer.
Answer it right now.
The pressure may cause an explosion,
so make sure the water is shut off.
Let's fix the highest risks first.
Twinkle, wait here.
I'll be back soon.
PUT THINGS BACK WHERE THEY BELONG!
In-pyo, the writer just told me
they decided to put you
on the show list for now.
What does she mean "for now"?
For now, it'll be Song Kang-ho,
Sol Kyung-gu, and Lee Byung-hun.
They might just go
with the "Three Great Stars."
Without Kyung-gu?
-No.
-Without Byung-hun?
They'd never leave out Song Kang-ho.
You're available
tomorrow afternoon, right?
Yes.
Okay, then I'll confirm with her.
It's a talk show, so it'll be easy.
That's freezing!
Four Great Stars.
Wash, wash all the way
You won't lose any hair
In-pyo, please show us.
Sure.
It's been ages, but…
Come on, it's totally your thing.
Shall I?
Oh, my eyes.
MANAGER A-RAM
-Yes?
-Bad news.
-What's up?
-Tomorrow is canceled.
She said she'll call to reschedule.
Why?
Byung-hun is on an overseas shoot,
but his return flight got canceled.
Can't we just go as a trio?
He needs to learn how to be more punctual.
I don't think that's a good idea.
A-ram.
Isn't stepping on shit
a sign of good luck?
Usually.
What if I grabbed it tightly?
-What would that mean?
-You hit the jackpot.
Luck is in your hand. Was it a dream?
Never mind.
Keep me updated.
Okay, get some rest.
Twinkle, I'll be right there.
Yes, Mr. Principal. It's Kim.
You better get over
to the school right away. Please hurry!
Why is this happening on my shift?
I said no pictures.
It's not a TV show--
Hey, what are you doing?
-What outlet are you from?
-Kyo-won Paper.
Was the building inspected?
It was scheduled to be rebuilt anyway.
We were about to demolish it.
No one got hurt or killed.
-Mr. Kim.
-Yes, sir.
Let go!
Yes, sir.
We had everything under control
before it collapsed, right?
Of course!
The entrance was chained shut,
and I made sure no one got in.
I also told the theater club not to come
since the construction is tomorrow.
You hear that?
Everything was under control.
We deserve an award for exemplary work.
The insurance company is coming tomorrow.
No one goes in until they're done.
-Okay?
-Yes, sir.
Hello? Yes, sir.
I'll stay here all night.
Don't worry, sir!
Hey! Don't touch that!
Get down right now!
What do cops
know about this sort of thing?
Come on down!
We're up here for a reason.
We're on duty.
Who are you to tell us what to do?
I'm on duty, too!
And I'm telling you what to do
because it's my job!
Stop contaminating the scene
and come down already!
The experts will be doing
an inspection tomorrow.
So get down!
Chief?
Four Great Stars…
Where am I?
Hello! Is anyone there?
Is anyone out there?
I'm down here! Hello?
I knew it would collapse someday.
We got out just in time.
That's for sure.
So, why'd you call me here?
The insurance guys are coming.
You gotta talk to them.
It collapsed right after your visit.
I don't have anything to say.
Well, we'll see about that.
We'll see who's responsible.
What the hell--?
Hey! Get down from there!
The principal will freak out
if he sees you up there.
Look. I came to replace
the pressure unit yesterday.
It wouldn't look like this
if the pump had exploded.
The pipe would be blown to bits!
Come on.
I'm not accusing you.
Just let go. Come on.
How was it positioned?
Like this?
-But I--
-Don't touch anything!
Just get out of here.
I said get out!
Hello?
CHEONSEUNG HIGH SCHOOL
I told you to stay out of there!
You're ignoring my orders?
You heard him!
-I still need to check--
-Come on!
I told you to stay out!
Was I not clear about that?
What the hell are they doing?
One, two…
Wait…
Think straight.
I need to think rationally.
My clothes.
Shocking news. Cha In-pyo is…
SUPERSTAR CHA IN-PYO RESCUED!
Cha In-pyo! Why were you there?
IN-PYO FOUND NAKED!
IN-DEPTH ANALYSIS OF HIS BODY!
-No pictures!
-Were you after school girls?
I'm not Cha In-pyo! I'm not!
Damn it.
This sucks.
The pipe.
Call.
Call…
Kim A-ram.
Manager.
Mana--
It's the gas pressure.
See how this area is burnt?
The wall was already unstable,
so it collapsed when the gas pipe blew.
What are you talking about?
Some other equipment could've exploded.
I don't think so.
No one else was in the gym yesterday.
Sir, please don't get us wrong.
We're not saying it's your fault.
Everything was poorly built
during the 1987 building material crisis.
I've seen
a lot of buildings like this.
Whatever exploded,
it was probably caused
by a recent inspection.
It looks like the floor
was ripped up to check the pipeline.
Even a tiny jolt can do major damage.
-Take pictures of this.
-Okay.
I don't think I did anything wrong.
The gas pressure regulator.
What's wrong?
I've been calling you like crazy.
Where are you? I'm up shit's creek.
Good!
At least you know you're in trouble.
-I said, where are you?
-The TV station.
Just shut up and get here ASAP.
He says he can't come. Wanna talk to him?
Hello? A-ram, you there?
Hold on, she's coming.
-Here she is.
-No, don't.
I couldn't reach you
for the rehearsal interview,
so I came instead.
Don't put her on the phone.
Hello, In-pyo.
It's been a while. How have you been?
Oh, hi. How have you been?
I'm sorry to change
the schedule at the last minute.
I understand. It's part of the job.
I'm sorry, but can I talk to my manager?
He went to the restroom.
You know them personally, right?
Are you uncomfortable with--
No, we're all friends, like brothers.
Both Kyung-gu and Byung-hun
have good energy.
Do you have any recent anecdotes
involving them?
Recent?
Yes, recent.
I might have some.
Really? Your manager said
you only work out in your free time
and was worried
you didn't have any fun stories to share.
He said you work out,
eat chicken breast, and repeat.
Right…
Do you have any talents
you'd like to showcase?
-You don't have to.
-Talents?
The other guests have some,
so we have enough to air.
But in case you have any…
Yes, of course.
I have that gesture I'm famous for.
A famous gesture?
Oh, right. That…
Yeah, that'll knock 'em dead.
I can't let it die.
-Do you have anything else?
-What?
Never mind. I'll see you at the shoot.
Okay. Have a great day.
It's me, A-ram.
-A-ram.
-Yes, sir.
Get over here.
We're done here.
Have a good one.
Why are they leaving already?
-Wait. Come back!
-Hey!
It was scheduled for demolition anyway.
Don't worry about it.
But you're pinning the blame on me.
It's just a formality. You know how it is.
And you won't have to pay!
The insurance will cover it.
So don't worry!
But the inspection
shouldn't be so half-assed.
Listen, young man.
I'm trying my best here.
Don't call it half-assed!
You wanna do things by the book?
You wanna get arrested?
Should I call the police?
Arrested? What I meant was--
Enough already!
Enough!
Get out of here!
You're leaving?
The demolition crew will be here soon.
-Okay, good work.
-Thanks!
Take care, sir.
Why are you in there butt naked?
Do you take showers
with your clothes on?
You could've taken a shower at home.
Why'd you have to do it there?
I was covered in mud.
I can't walk around like that.
I'll call for help right now.
No! Are you crazy?
Just come over here and get me out.
Who cares if people see you naked?
Who cares?
What kind of manager says that?
It's not more important than your life.
I already told you.
I'm not even hurt.
I just need you
to come get me out of here.
-Fine, I'm almost there.
-What are you not getting?
Are you really my manager?
In-pyo.
Are you really in there?
What do you mean?
I'll call you back.
Wait, don't hang up. Please!
What the--?
Whose is this?
A celebrity's car?
What's that excavator doing?
Isn't it obvious?
It's demolishing what's left.
Oh, no.
Wait! Stop!
-Stop!
-What are you doing?
-Let go!
-You'll get yourself killed!
What's wrong with you? Talk to me!
-Stop!
-Hey, come back here!
Don't do that! Stop!
What the hell! Are you insane?
What on earth is going on out there?
Wait, calm down.
Go ahead, tell us.
Why can't we finish the job?
-Actually…
-Actually what?
He'd like to donate after seeing the news.
What news? The Kyo-won was
the only paper that took pictures of this.
Right, that newspaper.
It's a monthly.
It's already out?
It just came out today.
But it's for teachers.
Are you a teacher or something?
Actually…
I'm Cha In-pyo's manager.
Cha In-pyo?
That guy who does all the good deeds?
You know, he does that thing.
Of course, I know.
Right?
That explains the fancy car
and tinted windows.
But why would he donate to this place?
Maybe he went to school here.
Yes, he has such fond memories.
When he heard the gym collapsed--
It's a girls' school.
He went to a girls' school?
No…
His wife, Shin Ae-ra.
That's a relief.
Wait, no way.
She went to school with my sister-in-law.
Shall I check?
Wait, no need for that.
Then tell us what's going on!
Cha In-pyo would like to
come here tomorrow
and see the disaster site
before it's cleaned up.
That's why I stopped you.
Okay, so far, so good.
And he's really interested in education.
Really interested?
-And most importantly…
-Most importantly?
Su-jeong! No!
Isn't that Jeong-eun
from the theater club?
Mr. Kim! It's Su-jeong!
What? What's wrong with her?
Look. Do you see that?
That crazy pervert was here again!
Isn't that…?
As it breaks down,
semen turns watery an average
of one to two minutes after ejaculation.
It's not watery yet.
He's still around!
What's this?
So she went in to install a camera
to catch the pervert?
Her mom is going crazy
after she didn't come home last night.
Her brother said she borrowed money
from him to buy a camera.
What is wrong with you girls?
Why would you put a camera
in a shower room?
How can you even shower in there?
That's not what matters now!
Su-jeong might be in there!
No way. I locked the entrance last night.
No one could've gotten in.
Will you be responsible if she's in there?
-Me?
-Mister.
Come on, a young girl is in there.
Call 911 now!
Yes, right.
Let's call them. I'll make the call.
Go move that thing!
I'll call now, sweetie.
Get ready to be rescued.
You're here already?
-A rescue team is on its way.
-You called 911? Are you crazy?
Why did you do that?
-Do what?
-I can't believe you did that.
What did I do?
Did you wear
that workout outfit for the ads?
Yeah, so what?
Let's be honest with each other.
If you told me why you were here,
or why I shouldn't let people know,
it would've been easier.
You're driving me nuts.
What are you even talking about?
Is that an ambulance?
Shut this down now!
No can do.
A student went missing
while trying to catch you here.
Catch me?
Why?
-Is everything okay?
-Right there! Go.
Oh my gosh.
They have to pick through
the rubble by hand.
This would've gone badly
if you hadn't stopped us.
Right, Cha In-pyo read
a social media post about her story.
So he sent me here.
-Was that the story?
-Yes.
She wanted to fight for justice
through the camera lens.
Amazing.
His fans are so special,
unlike anything I've ever seen.
-Get the floorplans!
-Yes, Captain.
We need the gym's floorplans.
I know where they are.
Then go get them. Now!
-Run!
-I'm on it!
Hurry it up! Run!
Hurry!
Everyone, step back, please.
Can't you run any faster?
What did I do wrong?
This is the worst time to be hungry.
How can I be hungry?
At a time like this? Crazy bastard!
You haven't shut the valve yet?
Close it already.
I forgot.
Okay, now it's shut.
You have any water?
It suddenly stopped.
How can you drink water now?
I can't. It stopped running.
There aren't any students near you?
I told you, I'm all alone.
I'll check around and call back.
If he gets caught, no more ads,
not even the new ones.
A-ram, pull yourself together.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
The shower room is about 26 feet
from the main entrance
in a semi-basement structure.
It should be right there.
There?
Yes, sir.
Are you sure?
Team 1, window side.
Team 2, the shower room.
-Now, move!
-Yes, sir!
-Careful!
Lord, please don't worry about me now.
Please let them find the girl first.
I say this with utmost sincerity.
Please find her first
instead of me.
Can you tell if anyone is down there?
We need to dig more.
I see something here!
What is it?
-I think we found someone!
-What?
Really?
Please stay back!
Please step back.
Su-jeong?
Su-jeong!
I'm seeing lots of skin.
It's like they're naked!
Su-jeong!
No, you can't go in there.
-Su-jeong!
-She'll be fine.
Don't rush. Be extra careful!
I don't see any movement.
Bring a stretcher!
Wait!
Su-jeong is calling me.
Halt! There's a call!
Are you okay? Can you hear us?
Yes, Mr. Principal. You're almost here?
Well?
What did she say?
I'm so sorry. She's home now.
She was at an internet cafe!
Then who were you rescuing?
Get them out, quick!
That's it! Pull harder!
It's…
We saved this!
We rescued this!
Come on!
No need to come.
You're already here.
In-pyo.
They're wrapping up.
See? I prayed
with all my heart, and it worked.
What should I do now?
Wait until everyone is gone,
then get me out.
You're not leaving?
When are you leaving?
I can't leave. I have to monitor
the demolishing progress.
We have to finish
as much as we can before it gets dark.
Now what's going on?
-Gimme an update.
-Thanks. I got the call!
-Who is this?
-It's Do-cheol.
Oh, hey. What call?
I got an audition call for that film.
Good.
I told you they'd call.
Just have faith and patience.
The number you have dialed…
I thought it was over for me.
What do you mean "over"?
Nothing's over till the moment you die.
I'll keep that in mind.
Do-cheol, I can't talk right now.
I'll call back.
Good luck with the audition.
We can do it!
Yes, we can!
What's going on?
Who were you talking--
Sorry. Mr. Park, the reporter?
Answer your phone!
In-pyo?
He's out of town on a film shoot.
Twinkle?
No, Twinkle.
Stay back. It's dangerous.
Twinkle.
Are you all right?
It's scary, huh?
I'm okay. Are you?
What's that kid doing?
No, that can't be true.
I'll check with him
and call you right back.
Sure, okay.
Hello?
Hi, Mr. Jo.
Sorry, no time for reporters right now.
I'll call you back later.
No, not over there!
No!
Wait!
Are you insane?
What now?
Well, down there-- There's…
There's what?
What I mean is…
I think that when I got here…
I think I lost my ring.
I'm sure it's around here somewhere.
I'm sure I'll find it before long.
Why don't you work on
another area for now?
Wow, you're really something.
Hurry up.
This sucks.
Were you scared, too? You hungry?
Let's have something good to eat
when we get out of here.
In-pyo. Are you okay?
Yes, and I just found Twinkle.
Twinkle? Who's that?
How can you not know my Twinkle?
Oh, that little dog?
That's not important now.
-Reporters are calling me like crazy.
-What did you say?
The net is exploding
with comments about you.
No, before that.
What did you say about Twinkle?
What did I say?
-That's not important right now…
-Stop.
Even if she's a dog,
you can't treat Twinkle like that.
Twinkle is my family.
Is she okay?
You totally don't mean it.
You thought I wouldn't notice?
-That's not--
-No excuses.
If you saw the world sincerely
with all your heart,
you wouldn't talk like that.
I'm sorry.
I'm not mad at you.
I'm not saying this for an apology.
I try not to say I'm sorry,
but I can't stop.
I apologize.
A-ram. I'm telling you this
for your own good.
Right, I'll keep that in mind.
So what's the problem?
Hey, did you find your ring?
No, not yet. Wait there.
Here, eat this.
Did you lose your ring?
Where?
I knew that'd happen.
-You should be more careful.
-Yeah.
Hello?
It's around here?
A-ram.
It's not here?
I might have lost it over there.
How did you lose it?
It's too small to find here.
I'll find it myself.
Come on.
Is this it?
I guess not.
Did someone sneeze down there?
Don't be silly. There's no one there.
You didn't hear that?
I heard something down there.
I just--
It's so dusty here.
No!
I know where it came from.
Come here.
Why go to all this trouble?
I really heard something.
I gotta check it out!
If they were conscious and able to sneeze,
wouldn't they be screaming for help?
You think so? But--
Please help find my ring.
-Mister.
-That's so weird.
I paid a million won
for those rings my girlfriend and I wore.
But we still broke up.
Hey! Anybody down there?
If so, make a noise!
Hey!
I should let it go, right?
Whoever finds it should keep it.
That makes sense, right?
What kind of loser wears a ring
he got with an ex-girlfriend?
A loser?
Don't belittle yourself like that.
You may have lost your ring,
but your soul has been restored
and is freer than ever.
Do you still hear something underground?
-Shall we look into it together?
-No.
No, stay right there.
I'm probably hearing things.
I've been hearing strange sounds lately.
And my eyes keep twitching.
Right? Who'd be down there?
Yeah! I keep hearing things.
Just stay where you are.
Mister, let's take a break.
Do you want another snack?
In-pyo. I took care of it.
Wow, that was close. You little monkey.
So, what were you talking about?
There's a rumor about you online.
What rumor?
Do they know I'm trapped down here?
No, it's about the nomination.
They're saying
you'll run in the special election.
Me?
They say a new candidate will be announced
after the ruling party registers theirs.
That candidate is you.
It says you already had a meeting.
What the…?
So what do the people say?
What people?
If there's an article, there are comments.
Oh, right.
-"Totally disgusted."
-What?
"That bastard is a backstabber."
"He thinks he's a politician
because he played one."
And…
Never mind.
What?
Just say it.
"I knew he'd do it
after that volunteer work."
"Fucking scumbag."
No supportive comments?
Of course there are.
"In-pyo, cheer up! I live in unit 601."
"Thanks for the closets you left
when you moved out."
"I don't have the service number."
"If you're reading this, please reply."
Do you know her? Should I read more?
No.
In-pyo.
You're not really doing it, are you?
I've told you many times.
I don't want my name used like that.
Did you make it clear to them?
I was crystal clear.
You only do something
if your heart is in it.
And?
I asked them
to help you keep it that way.
Is that all?
Yeah. The assemblyman said he understood.
A-ram!
Are you testing my patience?
Why would you say it like that?
I'm sorry.
Stop saying sorry. Why did you do that?
Schedule a press conference.
I'll put my foot down
and show them I mean business.
Okay.
I'll go book a conference room.
They're really testing my patience.
You need to get out of there first.
You should come out now.
I'll explain it to the people here.
How will you explain it?
-We should respect sexual preferences.
-I'm gonna kill you.
Hey, you need to do something.
I'm out of excuses.
They'll think I'm insane.
-Just come out!
-Hold on.
Hurry up!
Be quiet! I'm thinking!
I must find it.
There must be a solution.
Don't panic.
Let's focus and figure this out.
Everything exists for a reason.
What's my reason?
And…
what's yours?
Got it!
There's a way.
We don't have much time!
It's now or never!
Fine.
Let me put on
some underwear at least. Hold on.
She's the right size.
Twinkle.
Time to change.
What was that?
Twinkle?
Twinkle.
No, come here. It's okay.
Come here.
What's wrong? I said it's okay.
Come on.
Where are you going?
Don't go!
Twinkle? Look at Daddy.
You're not going, are you?
Twinkle, come to Daddy.
Come here.
Twinkle?
You little son of a bitch!
Where's the ring?
Useless creature!
I wasted so much time on her.
She didn't even understand me.
A dog's a dog, after all.
I needed that sweater.
I bought it for you!
It's mine!
I just saw Twinkle running up the hill.
She looked so healthy
the way she was moving.
I was so happy to see that.
Who cares about the stupid mutt?
-Are you out of your mind?
-What?
The excavator is coming!
Okay, let me think.
You gotta decide now!
-We're out of time!
-Okay, I'm coming out.
Wait, hold on.
There must be a way!
I can do it!
Fine, I give up! I'm coming out!
No!
That's it for today.
-Good work.
-You'll be back early?
Yes, 7:00 a.m. sharp.
I'm never late.
-Hey.
-What are you doing there?
Just kidding. I'm not coming out.
Not leaving?
I have to lock up.
Get your car out of here.
Sure.
Okay, I'll move my machine, too.
Yeah, go home already.
Go on home!
Can't come here anymore.
It'll take ages to rebuild the place.
Which shower room should I visit now?
Scared the shit out me!
Min-sik…
Won't you please
let me join the Four Great Stars?
You're not even doing it.
Get some rest.
Hi, Do-cheol.
Did I wake you?
No, I'm not asleep yet.
How was the audition?
It's all thanks to you.
The director liked the way my eyes looked.
Yeah, of course he did.
See?
People take notice when you're sincere.
Just like I noticed you.
I lived overseas.
I have no connections over here.
All I have is myself.
But I remember what you told me.
"I, too, started with nothing."
Right.
I had nothing.
I didn't even know
why they hired me as an actor.
I know why.
Your sincerity always shines through.
Get ready for a film.
I was a fool to think about quitting.
I just couldn't wait.
That's how films are.
It might get made, or it might not.
It might get made, or it might…
Hello? In-pyo?
Sir?
Honey, breakfast is ready.
Just a few more minutes.
It will get cold. Get up, now.
Are you that tired?
I told you to go to bed earlier.
Get up already.
Okay.
What about you?
You can eat first.
It's so good.
Why are you so messy, honey?
Slow down.
You get messy as you grow old.
NO CARS, NO PARKING
ON DUTY
Hi, Hyeon-a.
What's going on?
You're having a press conference tomorrow?
Yeah, In-pyo wanted to clear the air
about that election thing.
That's unfortunate.
We're shooting the talk show
at 7:00 tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow at 7:00?
Why so early?
No need to come if you can't make it.
We'll be fine.
No.
Of course, we will be there on time.
But we're really okay if--
No, I'll explain it to In-pyo.
Yes. The shoot always comes first.
I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you.
Is she insane?
How could she call me now
and ask him to come by 7:00 a.m. tomorrow?
How can I do this alone?
In-pyo, I'm here. Get ready.
You okay down there?
Do you have any water?
Hang in there.
You said grabbing shit
is like hitting the jackpot.
What bullshit.
You call this a jackpot?
I'm getting you out now.
Hey, be careful!
I'm sorry.
Let's do that again.
In-pyo.
This time, could you
please push on your end, too?
Nope.
It's impossible. I can't.
How can you give up already
when you didn't even try yet?
I'm trying my best.
You call that trying?
Yes, I'm trying.
That didn't sound sincere.
Fuck! What's that even supposed to mean?
What? Did you say, "Fuck"?
Yes, fuck! You call for help
if you wanna get the fuck out of there.
What's fucking sincerity gotta do with it?
That's why you have a long way to go.
You don't understand others.
How can I?
All you care about is that
people are gonna see your dick.
Of course, I am!
I get it. It does matter.
But this is a whole other matter.
Who cares if they're naked
as long as they get rescued?
It's not that important.
Maybe not to people like you,
but it is to me.
I haven't even done a sex scene yet.
Don't judge others by your standards.
I don't believe this.
I mean, don't you care
whether you get rescued or not?
Of course, I care.
But how I'm rescued
is the issue here. How!
Just cover your damn face.
People won't recognize your dick.
Am I a criminal?
Why would I cover my face?
Even if I covered my face,
people would know it's me.
Let's stop here.
Stop what? Do you even understand?
I'd destroy my image in a flash.
Decades of hard work.
-Does my life look easy to you?
-No.
I don't think so.
Do you even know what image you have?
You're making a nice living
off of my image.
-So you better know.
-Please, stop!
Do you even know what your image is now?
What?
It's all my fault.
I think I made you like this.
I've been beating around the bush,
trying not to hurt you,
and it became toxic.
What are you saying?
"A gentleman," "a star,"
"a former top celebrity," my ass.
You're nothing but a has-been.
You're all washed up!
Oh, and that film?
It's actually going well.
You're just not part of it.
They fucking said
Cha In-pyo wouldn't attract investors.
That's why they changed actors.
As soon as Ryu Seung-ryong
took over your role, they got the money.
They said Cha In-pyo
won't attract investors!
Open your eyes.
You bring in someone else?
Do-cheol?
You should worry about yourself.
He's way better than you.
But he hasn't done anything,
so he has no image to tarnish.
Okay, got it. Let's stop there.
The talk show shoot is 7:00 a.m. tomorrow.
I told her we have
a press conference at 9:00 a.m.
But she can't change the schedule for you.
You're optional.
It doesn't matter whether you're there.
Stop already.
That's enough.
You should at least know
when to step back.
I said enough. Stop it.
Are you ever gonna stop wagging
that goddamn finger?
You just don't get it.
You are the one who is tactless!
I'm sorry.
Me too.
I didn't mean it.
In-pyo!
In-pyo?
Hello? Talk to me!
In-pyo!
It's more than a talent.
It's my signature gesture.
Come on, it's totally your thing.
What's going on down there?
You fucking bastard!
You're dead when I get out of here!
-You son of a bitch!
-Gosh!
What's going on?
Nothing.
You're…
No, it's really nothing.
You're that guy from earlier.
Hello.
Don't you "hello" me.
What are you doing here?
Oh, well…
Nothing.
Where do you think you're going?
Out with it.
Why are you really here?
-Get off me.
-What?
-My ring--
-Your ring?
Wait.
Come on.
-Mister.
-I want the truth.
You seemed shady from the start.
-What an iron grip.
-Why are you here?
-Get the fuck off me.
-How dare you?
You're in big trouble now!
-Let go!
-What are you planning?
Cut the crap!
I've got a plan.
I'm gonna get rid of all of you!
Are we having a party tonight?
What is everyone doing here?
What do you have there?
I got fired.
Thanks to all of your plotting,
I'm the only one who got fired!
What did I do wrong?
What did I ever do
to this goddamn building!
Come on, man.
It's over! Done!
Over?
What's over?
My life is over?
Okay, I'll end it then!
Let's end this!
-No!
-It's over!
No, not there!
What's wrong with him?
Get off me!
Stop! No!
Stop it! Don't!
Don't try to stop me.
I'm going to kill myself,
so don't even try!
What the fuck is that?
This is seriously messed up.
Why do you care if I live or die?
Just step away from there.
Let's talk it out over here.
No, you come here.
We can die together! Come closer!
Hello? Yes, I want to
report a crime in progress.
If I die, you will see.
You'll see the truth!
-You better hurry!
-Please don't!
Please, I beg you, sir.
I beg you.
What am I to you?
Why would you beg?
Stop acting like you care!
You can think
whatever you want.
But this is not right.
You all think I'm a nobody.
You used me as a damn scapegoat.
I know exactly how you feel.
I know.
But it's just a building.
It's not worth losing your life over…
no matter what the truth is.
It's not that big a deal.
It may seem like it is,
but once it's all over,
you'll realize it's nothing.
I just…
I just want to live.
I saw it with my own eyes!
He was flying!
I'm not drunk!
Hey, I really appreciate it.
You'll be fine.
You were acting in self-defense.
Call me if you need anything.
I would've smacked him down
if you weren't here.
Let's go.
Wait.
Can I make a quick call, please?
-Yes?
-Are you insane?
What are you doing down there?
Get out now!
Ae-ra.
Honey.
Don't you "honey" me.
I'm flying out tonight,
so stop playing around and come out.
Okay.
Are you crying right now?
Tears of happiness?
You've nothing to be proud of.
I'm not proud of anything.
I just wanted to do well.
That's all.
What have I become?
Honey, come on. What's wrong?
I had it all wrong.
It's okay to make mistakes,
and it's okay to embarrass myself.
But I always thought I shouldn't.
I thought Cha In-pyo…
should never embarrass himself
and never look like a fool.
I thought I always had to look cool,
strong,
gentle, and exemplary.
What was that?
I heard, "I had it all wrong."
Then what did you say?
I couldn't hear you.
No, it's okay.
Honey. Your "image" isn't important.
Just be yourself.
Your sincerity will shine through.
Honey, I really miss you.
Stop crying, okay?
And I…
I lost my wagging finger.
I'm now at the scene
where Cha In-pyo is buried.
The rescue team
is carefully gearing up for the operation.
He was mentioned
as the opposition party's candidate.
He prepared a morning press conference
to address the matter.
It's not yet known why
Cha In-pyo is trapped
in the shower room
of a girls' high school.
The rescue will commence shortly.
What the hell? Now it's Cha In-pyo?
This is driving me crazy.
Why on earth would Cha In-pyo be here?
We found his clothes!
-They found his clothes!
-Are they Cha In-pyo's?
It's his jacket!
Is he naked?
It's the same jacket.
We got him.
We need more equipment and a stretcher!
Is that Cha In-pyo?
Who is Cha In-pyo?
I knew something was off
when I heard about the donation and stuff.
He's definitely running for office.
Right?
Don't give up now.
Stay strong.
All tied up!
Ready here!
You've done good so far.
You've nothing to be ashamed of.
Back!
Hold tight!
Something is stuck down there!
Wait a minute!
Lift it straight up!
I said wait…
You're doing great, Mr. Cha!
We're doing our best, too!
Hang in there!
In-pyo, you can do it.
This is why
I worked out so hard!
I see him! I see Mr. Cha!
Ready the rescue cage!
Mr. Cha!
We're lowering the rescue cage.
Raise it up!
There he is!
-Are you all right?
-Why were you down there?
-Were you nominated?
-Why are you at a girls' high school?
When did you decide
on a career in politics?
Do you even know what your image is now?
That didn't sound sincere.
Fuck! What's that even supposed to mean?
All you care about is that
people are gonna see your dick.
Your "image" isn't important.
Just be yourself.
Your sincerity will shine through.
Right.
I've nothing to be ashamed of.
My sincerity
shouldn't be covered by panties.
Jackpot.
Please make way. Coming through.
Please get out of the way.
There has been an article speculating
our party nominated Mr. Cha
as our candidate.
I'd like to state that this is not true.
SHOCKING NEWS! CHA IN-PYO'S RESCUE!
HE FLUNG RED PANTIES AT THE GIRLS' SCHOOL!
WILL HE REALLY RUN IN THE ELECTION?
Our leader expressed concerns about
harmful rumors surrounding an election
that should be truthful and transparent.
-That's all.
-How are you?
We wish you could've been in the show.
What a shame.
But we're planning another show
called Four Great Body Stars.
You're so ripped from exercising
and eating chicken breast!
Hyeon-a.
-Gotta go.
-What? Wait--
You were right.
Grabbing shit was like
hitting the jackpot.
Despite that incident,
I came back in one piece.
I guess…
I was too greedy.
You might want to explain the red panties.
Forget it.
Only those who trust me would believe it.
Okay, get some rest.
-A-ram.
-Yes?
Were you reading those comments as is?
What comments?
I found that one.
"I knew he'd do it
after that volunteer work."
But I couldn't find where it said,
"Fucking scumbag."
Did you add that?
It's okay. Go.
Okay.
Look how strong it is!
A BREATHTAKING STORY!
I'm on the set of First-Class Security
to talk to the cast members.
-Hello.
-Hi.
Hi, I'm Ryu Seung-ryong.
I play the role of Go Sang-gi,
the president's security guard.
Hi, I'm Choi Han-bi. I play Bang Hye-jin,
the president's daughter.
Hello, I play Kim Ji-hoon,
the newbie guard.
WHEN I WAS A FRESHMAN
I'm newbie actor Kang Do-cheol.
I do 1,500 push-ups every day.
I decided to be more self-confident
after hearing what you said.
Would you like to see?
Geez.
Excuse me, what are you doing?
People actually walk through here.
Get up now, please.
-Let's talk inside.
-Thank you.
You watched Healing Camp
more than 20 times?
Yes. And I watched Boss over 30 times.
Please take a seat.
You are my role model.
Kang Do-cheol is a rising star.
I heard you beat the odds
of 1 in 1,000 to win the role.
How did you get the audition?
I've had a role model
ever since I was little.
I was determined to learn not only acting
but also the lifestyle from him.
So I couldn't miss
this golden opportunity.
Who is this role model?
He is
my mentor and adviser.
Ryu Seung-ryong!
-You're making me blush.
-You know I admire you.
This is so sweet.
Sure.
I'm happy to see you succeed.
You ungrateful fucking bastard.
THIS FILM IS DEDICATED
TO THE ACTOR CHA IN-PYO
You said it's fiction.
Why is it dedicated to me?
You think I'm stupid?
They're trying to make a fool of me.
6 MONTHS LATER
Get out now.
-What about a comeback?
-Why bother?
Take it away.
You were the icon of optimism.
Don't let that little incident
turn you into a pessimist.
A little incident?
Do you have any idea
what I've been through?
If it was you,
you'd have already lost your mind.
Little incident, my ass.
Don't bring me things like this again.
Mr. Cha, what's "resurrection"?
Kim Tae-won's song?
Not that.
What do you have to do to be resurrected?
What do you have to do?
You have to die first.
Die?
Go on.
I have a plan to bring you back to life.
How will you bring me back?
Think about it.
What do people think of
when they hear the name Cha In-pyo?
What is it?
I suppose
there's just one thing.
And that is…
CHA IN-PYO
UFSIMV.COM